leave the myth at the door women are the
fastest growing prison population in
America people and a difficult one to
manage and in Ohio the one prison must
contain almost all of them for one year
National Geographic followed the lives
of inmates and officers in the state of
Ohio it's a system bent on making
inmates better filled with convicted
felons who might already be worse got in
my face this is a year a hard time
[Music]
Ohio is the sixth largest prison system
in the nation over 50,000 convicted
felons from drug dealers to murderers
first-timers to hardened career
criminals make their home in the state's
prisons for one kind of inmate is
testing the system in unique ways
why women
this is hale dorm the closed security
wing of Ohio's largest women's prison
where 200 of the prison's most
problematic inmates are housed a hotbed
of fights contraband trades and illegal
relationships you can go to the bathroom
but you need to get on your best clothes
on all right get on your bed everybody
do they sign game here I mean they don't
stop nothing you are weak women the Ohio
Reformatory for women known as orw is
one of the toughest prisons in the
system to manage twenty six hundred
female inmates a minimum-security to
death row all in one place we just had a
crazy place man Tony don't do other
prison man
yeah different mood swings depositors
everybody's clashing together oh my god
that's it baby i love you we argue we
bicker we met pick for women women like
to start fight because that can make a
noise we can learn we want to but we
don't carry a quizzing we are prisoners
Olay and overseeing it all is warden
Jeanine shrimp did you want to play
something okay
this hands-on approach means you'll be
almost every female offender in the
state
he starting off on the right foot huh I
say it absolutely is a serious prison we
have every level of security at this
facility and each one has to be managed
accordingly and we don't curtail or
change in any way our policies because
they are female and like every other
prison in Ohio a war W gives inmates a
choice follow the rules or face the
consequences and right now one cellblock
is testing its limits Hale dorm home to
less than 10% of our ws animates for one
of the prison's biggest challenges
officers here constantly enforced the
prison standards this is me taking your
record get on your bed but inmate Dorie
Terrell intends to do her time
differently everybody's going to bed
Terrell serving 30 to life for a murder
charge and she's one of our w's most
notorious inmates every dorm has what we
call the players the people who are
being abusive or aggressive to people
and Dorie is one of those those
individuals we're doing a I swear it's a
god I'm cussing you out later on it but
Terrell's kind of power sets her apart
from the other inmates of Hale and takes
a form unique to the woman's world
she is the head of a prison pseudo
family while men's prisons have their
gangs female inmates do more than click
up they create families and play
distinct roles nephew were you born
what happened in May is come here come
back when you get to I okay more
vulnerable inmates in need of protection
become daughters and nieces or masculine
women nephews and brothers and the most
dominant inmates women like Dorie
Terrell assumed the role of father or
uncle it's my nephew Carlo those
densities which my brother bar right
here just my daughter Leah food right
here just my baby right here I've talked
to her mom on the phone and she and her
mom know that I'm like her dad and let
me feel some call me uncle Dori I could
go some call me Dad I see you later said
young they don't call me Mom or IT or
anything like that because I am very
very aggressive you're just over your
friend all the way around a board do you
care this I don't got that fear for you
like that when you got up you shoulda
came with you we're in the joint coming
to me you get aggressive advice from me
like your dad or your uncle you get a
good aggressive consequences I was
handling it all right sorry nothing I
don't let nobody get in the senior when
I'm at you and I'm getting all y'all
that nobody say to me about you
Tyrell has adopted 30 young inmates into
her surrogate family and while
role-playing may seem like a game
building close relationships is key to
every inmate survival in a dorm like
hale where rivalries can be to violence
Wow Tyrell offers protection in exchange
family members cook clean and oveja
Authority I wouldn't necessarily say I
use them I would say I trade with them
was a give-and-take thing if I buy the
food and I run around and I hustle and
make a way for us to eat because your
family's not sending you anything you're
going to watch my vision come I need to
clean up tomorrow - okay then maybe you
don't you're not going to eat my food
thank you if we were my logical family
dad brings home the children do the
dishes hurry up
I like me as a center I like being in
control you know I like being in control
of myself and in control of them here
give me some ice baby do I enjoy the
power I acknowledge the power my mother
won't talk to me the way she talked to
me my father would talk to me the way my
fishing tells me you ain't do what you
supposed to do I'll go go go get it you
said I'll she go she gonna push you out
Channel Amy today relationships between
inmates are a fact of life here ranging
from clicks like Terrell's
to romantic couples
I want a relationship I want somebody's
gonna love me and care for me someone
that I can love and care for well you
want to make me coffee too right yeah
sir give me yours she cooks for me she
bakes my bed when it's messed up it's
not too hard to do she's my girlfriend
her baby here she goes
without that and I think Karen I'll make
sure nobody messes with her I love you
do i do do everything for her I enjoy
doing running because I care about her a
lot
she takes care of me I take care of her
what we do sexual relationships of any
kind are illegal at orw it can lead to
power struggles exploitation and black
market hustles because females are
relationship based individuals anytime
there are folks who break the rules
whether they still whether they are
fighting it certainly will be based on a
relationship one of the things that
makes our investigators successful is
knowing who relates to who and how those
relationships connect to whatever it is
that they are trying to get to the
bottom of the prison takes a hard line
officer shakedown cells and bunks daily
searching for signs of illegal activity
from trading store goods to running
tattoos I just don't
- a lot of drawings in here this is a
good indication that there could be
tattooing going on for certain kind of
pens don't blow the ink out that's what
they want to use for tattooing
cigarettes lighters expired meds you pop
that out fill the inside of up with
filled in our guards whatever they can
get in some of these people are really
street smart they know things that we
don't know and they can take some of
this medication make it into something
you know some people aren't aware of and
still get some type of high off of it
could be used for a screwdriver you can
take anything apart with that so we'll
be taking that they like to steal these
from each other these are hot
commodities this amount of property here
it might seem kind of like minor but
they run stores will and Elvis stuff and
can escalate into fights and more
serious issues for female offenders who
break the rules whether for hustling or
violence Oh RW solution is segregation
where problem inmates are locked down 23
hours a day
and Eileen Rose is now among them
she may not look at the roses considered
one of our w's most dangerous inmates
[Music]
I hit officer we're locking the stop to
make her shut up it was going to be
worth in she got because I was going to
make a shank and cut her I have a
history on this farmer but on many
people's officers I feel like I am going
to be here to rest of my life so why
should I even care
[Music]
roses attack on the officer means she'll
now be locked down in isolation it's a
serious offense
[Music]
when that warden trim we'll see -
personally you're not no you're not I'm
not going to now at the half and I'm
telling you looking to me you are not
going to be able to assault our officers
and things that we're going to continue
to let that happen
you better settle in nicely because
you're going to be here for a good long
time I'm going to show you feels that
I'm just going to do my time my way
[Music]
and
this offender has a history of assault
of behavior and we don't take that
lightly we are just not going to have
any tolerance for offenders who attempt
to physically harm our staff and we'll
take whatever extreme measures we need
to take thank you
get her deescalate she's upset with me
right now
[Music]
Eileen Rose will remain in segregation
time to cool down on lockdown waiting to
face further punishment for one of the
prison's most serious offenses attacking
an officer yeah y'all better move it out
don't even go there
let's go you ever been in a house full
of women oh yeah not nitpick a lot of
arguing what I have to you want me to go
to the back of the line but she's lying
because I don't care about that I gave
you director now you want to use phone
oh I am over 300 women that I have
ensure their safety get off with it
longer being older supposed to get along
police officer Eva Dunbar has worked at
the Ohio Reformatory for women for 12
years
her job is to make sure new inmates fall
in line with the system's rules rules
established the moment they first
arrived at intake each week female
offenders come to orw from counties all
over the state anybody's breakfast I
suppose it's in the water today she's
number three step alone over here this
is the first stop in the process where
the freshly convicted leave the free
world behind always in the next door
they've been found guilty of everything
from parole violations to murder and
just ahead right the majority though for
short timers I'm here because I made the
stupid decision I'm a drug addict and
again Joe so near four years
regardless of the sentence it can be a
frightening transition it's just the
first day and you feel get really really
nervous to do for your the girl creepers
are scary you don't know what's going to
happen to you in the first course if
you're going to be able to exact
everything but you're going to have to
not knowing what's going to happen here
like not knowing what I'm gonna see I've
only been this far I don't know what's
around the corner
I've never been in trouble in my life
I've never been to prison is my first
time being a prison or jail 19 year old
Brianna Smith has just arrived at orw on
a four-year sentence for carrying 150
pounds of marijuana across state lines
the first time I get greedy and do
something for extra money thinking it's
easy I get caught and I had a great life
for a night and normal 19 year old up
until then really nervous I try not to
cry I haven't cried until I got here
today
what's up grab all yourself
each year over 3,000 new inmates arrive
at orw adding to an inmate population
that's already 200 percent over capacity
to handle the influx and keep security
levels straight and separate orw relies
on a color code system lower security
wear shirts with green collars they have
more privileges less supervision and a
bigger yard and close security the
inmates of hale wear pink
and live under type supervision 24 hours
a day
eventually all new inmates will enter
general population but for now they must
go through reception here 350 inmates
live on open bunks for up to eight weeks
while the prison figures out their
security classification this is where
the officers set the tone for time at
orw high ladies to pay attention real
quick if you want respect you're going
to have to get it just starts it all
falls back on if you following the rules
we do not care what you've done to get
here we only care about what you do why
you're doing every new inmate has to toe
the line and follow strict rules but
Jody Fetty is also thinking about what
she left behind my son came his
extremely brave
and he's only nine years old he knows
I'm in trouble he just does not know 25
to life he has no idea what that means
I'm so scared he's going to ask me when
I'm coming home because I don't have
that answer teddy is serving 25 to life
for her part in a home invasion gone
wrong on July 2nd 2009 Fetty drunken
high approached the house of an elderly
man sheriff's deputies say 27 year-old
Jody Fetty knocked on his door and asked
to use the phone because her car broke
down while she distracted him three
accomplices broke into the house robbed
a man and beat him so severely that he
was left paralyzed my neighbor's been
assaulted he's on the ground he's hurt
me bleep somebody assaulted him I'm
right here ready to stand up sir hold on
the victim later died betty was
convicted of complicity to murder five
little minutes changed so many lies the
victims family my family mine it's very
painful for me to know
I'm involved in a crime that has taken
another man's life I think about that
every day not one day goes but I don't
think about why I'm here
[Music]
Betty is just two weeks into her 25-year
sentence and soon she will enter general
population 25 years of being away in a
new life in a new world
did you know nothing about yeah it's
mind-blowing
you enter the gates of hell spending
decades in prison is a terrifying
prospect
but orw runs on a philosophy that might
make the time go by easier
Ohio is one of the only correctional
systems with the word rehabilitation in
its name and orw takes the mandate
seriously
here education and job training are
fundamental to inmate life this work she
tells us some clue words cookies on how
to identify the idea most offenders will
be re-entering back into society but our
job is to send a better person out that
came in to help rebuild this person's
life to assist them in getting back in
society and being productive but orw
philosophy is being put to the test as
growing numbers of women pour into
prison each year they bring with them
their own unique challenges I hate got
sent here I was eight and a half months
pregnant and I was once in a minute
dilated
ready to give birth to a child Heather
O'Brien is serving six months at orw
with her five month old daughter for
forging a cheque the culmination of a
life of homelessness and drug addiction
at 20 years old she's the youngest
mother in a unit like a few others in
the nation o RW s residential nursery
prison is meant to be a punishment but
life in the nursery is a far cry from
the crowded dorms of orw here short time
offenders like O'Brien are getting a
rare opportunity to live with their
babies at their side segregated from
general population complete with inmate
nannies supplies support and lessons on
how to be a mother I think it's easier
being a mother in prison because out
there you have to worry about like oh
where you gonna get the diapers come or
how am I going to be able to pay for
things and here you got a free bed you
got free food I can stay clean and I can
take responsibility for my actions and
be able to learn like what it's like to
be able to bond with my child across the
country thousands of women come to
prison pregnant each year and most of
their children land in foster care or
with family on the outside O'Brien is
one of the lucky ones but her luck might
be about to change
[Music]
she's getting released in six days I
mean good time for some islands on the
wild side of things and it gets me into
trouble a lot when I do have icicle II
will not be anything neighborhood I used
to be in where I used to do the drugs
[Music]
I'm still young I want to live my life
but at the same time I got another life
I got to take care of Heather O'Brien
has six days to make her choice
leave her former life behind or fall
back into it we got their media such as
called freedom and the stakes are high
if she returns to prison on another
charge she comes back without her child
everybody got a hump he's doing
something that's gonna bring home the
money you're playing something because
you got to survive up in a spot like
this by any means necessary
it's store day at orw and business is
booming believer the latest we pick an
applause for one sample madam where the
whole milk but risen provides three
meals a day but inmates can still buy
the comforts of home at the prison
commissary with credit put on their
books by family and friends store
however is more than what it seems in a
world without money Goods become
currency items like soda and instant
coffee are traded for everything from
extra clothing to prescription drugs I
feel my meditation to survive the
medication my pain medication you know
it's a lot of addicts in here and they
use the medication for substitutes of
drugs like cocaine crack whatever but
every exchange gathers interest putting
inmates who can't pay into dangerous
debt negative oh my bap
if I give you a pop you gonna bring me
two back when you go to the commissary
look you give you two back that no cuz
you any tiny Madison can trust these
women we all criminals but some people
don't never paid a bit and then that's
when a fight for it go all right I do
you to back these do that it's all
illegal but I mean what they don't know
won't hurt us
we've got one girl on the fans and she's
honestly trying to talk to a dream shirt
oh are w's officers are always on the
lookout for illegal behavior they always
kind of think ahead they'll even plan
times and baits wounded exchange
contraband and it's just a continuous
battle trying to keep up the contraband
and property I don't want to have to
lose in battle but it keeps us on our
toes definitely the warden trim knows
that taking the pulse of a women's
prison demands more than just
surveillance it requires a personal
touch hi ladies how's everybody doing
yeah yeah no no Kay it's very important
that they be able to talk to me and Phil
at ease it keeps us safe because they're
willing to talk and there may be
information that they have that we need
to know every day the warden makes her
rounds coming Connie move I'm also
giving inmates a chance to approach her
one-on-one CJ I don't give y'all shelter
an immense prison simply interacting
with officials can get you labeled as a
snitch but at oru the inmates talk and
the warden is there to listen I
encourage them to come and talk to me
one way that I get information the truth
lies in the middle and my job to find
out the truth
the warden makes it her business to know
about the lives of her inmates women
like Dorie Terrell the patriarch to a
group of inmates mimicking a free world
family get it loud with no hair okay my
bad looking like that
I thought she wants to have a following
if you will to make her feel good about
herself eyedropper oh happy oh and what
you also find was the female population
is that if they were abused when they
were on the outside when they come to us
all of a sudden they kind of morph into
the abuser
[Music]
on the outside Terrell was a mother of
four fell into a life of crime through
prostitution a fall that accelerated
when one of her children was sexually
assaulted by her fiance my whole life
changed I didn't want to leave my
children anymore to go to work for eight
hours every day so I started doing what
I had to do I started like trying to
write people and try to con people so I
can hurry up back home to my children
Terrell claims that she spiraled and
small-time hustles gave way to violent
crime in 2001 she stood by as her
brother gunned down one of her customers
in a motel parking lot she was arrested
one month later a sentenced to 30 to
life I lost when I really loved the day
I got sentenced to these gates so
nothing else mattered I was angry and I
took it out on people facing at least 30
years away from her real children
Terrell started building a new family
inside prison
like any means necessary in the
beginning it didn't start out a good
thing I was a monster I would give them
the choice you can leave there's nothing
else out there though
nobody's going to care like I care
Terrell punished disobedient family
members dragging them into the bathroom
out of the sight that the correctional
staff if one of the women I was with
they disobey me I would line them up put
vaseline on the hanger and I would whip
them I would chase them with hot irons
tied bras around their necks I saw
myself as a destroyer as a beast as a
monster back then yes I did
one of Terrell's House Rules stay out of
trouble and off the administration's
radar a rule that has just been broken
surveillance cameras have picked up on a
fight in progress between inmates and
Hale
and one of them is Dory Terrell's
younger prison brother
it's behaviors that Tyrell won't
tolerate so when I step on this farm I
wanted to be a maximum security ma I did
this by choice I do think I am a
dangerous person to the kids I'm
unpredictable and I have a list of
people that I'm going to get it the
Warren decides to let me out ever again
I have a list of people that I will hurt
in the segregation unit of orw inmate
Eileen Rose is going before the rules
infraction board she's facing charges
that she assaulted an officer charges
that make her not only one of our w's
most dangerous inmates but also among
its most difficult to manage this world
frenchbird April 13 2010 Michigan today
is causing attempting to cause physical
harm to another with a weapon okay how
do you plead a rule 5 guilty I had all
kids to cut and roll with a razor
I found watched Brue tube Dave plotting
her dad and I'm saying this on record if
they all take the necessary actions I'm
going to kill her
it's not the first block in the sock in
today and you know that you're assaulted
behavior the threats the weapons tray
throwing lock through and all of that
has got to stop if you ever want to
leave or double you cannot do that
I mean she's not and she's still alive
so I didn't do that bad press about
bagging
segregation is orw the most extreme
sanction for bad behavior
the threat of isolation is enough to
keep most inmates in check
but Rose isn't like most inmates there's
another dimension to her a source one
that makes punishing her work
complicated she claims that she hears
voices voices that command her to her
officers and lately she hasn't been
taking all of her medication I don't
like hurting people but when I come off
the medication it makes me more violent
it's like I can't stay out of my head we
currently have over a thousand offenders
on our mental health caseload 50% of our
offenders are on psychotropic medication
it's not just dealing with an offender
who's come to you who've committed a
crime now you add an additional layer
and now you're dealing with a person who
is suffering from schizophrenia or
somebody who may have some sort of
behavioral disorder mental illness is an
issue in every prison but female inmates
are more likely than men to seek
treatment for these offenders orw cannot
be simply a punishment it must also
shield them from the strains of general
population
balancing the roles of prison and mental
hospital is one of our WS toughest
management challenges
each day o RW runs the largest pill call
in the Ohio prison system
and nearly half of the women receive
mental health medication
[Music]
hello but for some female offenders no
treatment can protect them for the
pressures of prison life
[Music]
you
what happened I mean it I know you're
doing just fine
which would trigger did you have some
sort of encounter with an inmate or
another staff or what she stashed a
couple of pieces of razor blade on the
sides of her cheek and that's what she
used to inflict the wounds it's fairly
common I would almost use the word
routine several times a week at some
point in our operation we have someone
who is on some sort of crisis watch or
suicide watch oftentimes what happens
with a lot of our female offenders their
way of coping with any crisis situations
initially is to hurt themselves and do
self inflicting wounds on themselves as
opposed to reaching out to some
intervention Aileen Rose was offered
mental health assistance instead she
chose the path of violence of seeking
out segregation I'm not a people person
at all and I'd rather be in segregation
because you know here I'll have to go in
nobody but myself
there's a lot of different ways that
they may manipulate the system when we
see it every day in different
circumstances this is a disciplinary
unit but because she enjoys that kind of
seclusion it does not seem like a
punishment to her throws for her actions
the system is left with few choices
we're finding you'll see the violation
15 days from now to the 27th in addition
we'll recommend that you have a security
level review do you want an appeal no
come on up here with your son roses
punishment is local control and with it
up to six months in the hole by putting
her back here we can ensure that that
officer is safe
so though she does get what she wants we
make sure that our staff is safe and to
me that's a fair trade as Rose settles
into segregation Jody Fetty is still
working away through reception and
feeling the weight of doing time
definitely feels like I've lost my mind
and I'm trying to find it
in here 23 days and span it's been crazy
ride that's for sure the reality of this
world that I'm living now of course was
not in my plans for the future so now
I'm here
to make the best of it I have to find
how to do that and as of now it feels
nearly impossible
I still feel like I'm going to wake up I
miss my mom my son all kind of thing
that flows through my mind
betty has been in reception for three
weeks and her release to general
population is fast approaching a release
that will take her to either the green
world or the pink 19 year-old Brianna
Smith has been in reception for one week
now breaking in to life in prison but
today she's getting a respite from the
routine Anderson here miss porn on the
first contact with the outside world in
two weeks
miss 9a I got a letter from my dad
finally and I'm happy
you just telling me you missed me and it
hurt him just come home everyday and see
my car in the driveway that he hasn't
moved it I've been gone I was really
naive person and I took a lot of things
for granted when I was out there every
day I can feel myself change more and
more this place makes you a different
person it makes you a stronger person
you have to be strong you can't be weak
when you're in a place like this and
take it as a learning experience and
think of how you can better yourself
from being in this place every day and
how you can make yourself better for
when you go home
oh I forgot my hoodie hey at the Ohio
Reformatory for women it's the final day
of Heather O'Brien's nine months
sentence all right today's the last day
I'm really excited I can't wait to see
my mom haven't seen in four years so I'm
really happy I can't believe it I'm
actually you'll be walking up indoors in
a couple hours
I guess it's something I gotta kind of
face because I mean I'm going to be an
independent mom City Schools you know
you're going to go over to the hospital
the medical records and sign release
papers over there
[Music]
twenty forty sixty eighty five thirty
seven okay okay O'Brien is about to take
her five month old daughter outside the
prison gates for the first time I'm
happy because in leaving negative to be
free from this prison but at the same
time I'm scared because living in the
room like this you get used to it me
able to go out into the real world and
realizing okay I'm out here in the real
world and I got a chance to mess up when
you guys are here you just suppose to
the counter for seconds and I got a lot
of help in here out there it's going to
be me my baby and that's it it's kind of
like it's going to be our own family and
trying to get things back in order the
road ahead is a tough one
O'Brien is leaving L RW with $85 and
leaving behind the support of the prison
nursery one slip and she'll be back
inside if I relapse I'm going to lose
everything
I do know the first rule is my child and
that's what scares me the most while
Heather O'Brien is about to confront the
temptations of the free world another
family is facing tests of its own
yesterday inhale the rowdiest doormat
orw
two inmates squared off when one says
the other disrespected her one of the
inmates was michelle bird and now she's
in the hole for fighting
but her behavior might carry other
consequences Birds pseudo brother is
Dorie Terrell
and Tyrell has a history of assaulting
family members for stepping out of line
a pattern of abuse that the prison
wouldn't allow one woman she went into
the unit and told them that I was
forcing them to iron my clothes forcing
them to take weapons for someone tattoo
my name all over their body forcing them
to cook a wet night and if they acted up
I would jump on them or they would jump
on each other which was pretty much true
officers responded with force and Tyrell
was put in isolation but rather than
hardening the patriarchy Tyrell claims
the punishment changed her from an
abuser into a protector I came out with
a whole different attitude was like wait
a minute yo what I've been showing y'all
is not who his pros be doing hallelujah
today Terrell says she is seeking a
different way to do her time me being
there for these kids helps me to you
know it motivates me it makes me feel
good about my life and where I'm at
today
I'll tell ya I feel like I'm redeeming
myself for being away from my 17 year
old my 13 year old we're doing this time
we don't do it together but you gonna
have to step up your game you're gonna
have to not let this when you're not
gonna let it kill you I'm not going to
let it happen get the new fish and I'm
glad it should give me inspiration sir
they were very inspirational present I
love you
hello this is helping me later on how I
was living and how I was being women and
all that you know this gotta end and it
did
but the prison is skeptical of Terrell's
transformation I don't think she's
remorseful I think she makes a lot of
excuses for why she did what she did do
I think that she has completely stopped
beating up on people no do I believe
she's a sociopath I absolutely do
believe that oh our W is the primary
prison for women in the state which
means that the prison is stuck with
Dorie Terrell for the next 20 years and
she will fight for her family ties if
the authorities tried to shut what I'm
doing down they wouldn't be able to
change my children my nieces nephews
they wouldn't be able to change their
feelings for me women still slot to me
and they still believe in me and they
still with me because they don't want to
be alone and I will tell them you always
have a home with me
[Music]
inmate life it's what you make up it's a
growing process for you to not have a
criminal mind the thing I'm still
learning is to do right because that's
something I didn't do
that's why I'm here
Jody Fetty has been an Ori use reception
wing for one month now settling into her
routines and breaking into life in
prison but everything she's learned is
about to be put to the test
hey listen uh you made Fanny 270 top on
the hill made seven six top because of
the severity of her crime she's going to
the pink world an assignment to hail
the toughest unit in the prison today I
am leaving admissions and going to the
population level three security I'm
feeling a little nervous I'm feeling a
little relieved this place is getting to
me stay away from the people that videos
stay to yourself
everything will be all right plan I want
to help
it's going to be really rough crowd
welcome Ariel cries it's going to take
you nine regice and find as many coyotes
there can you make the best of it it is
what it is
my goal is definitely to get out of the
pink world as soon as I can and when I
get more programs or schooling you'll be
better even in prison you know you have
to earn it and if you're stuck in the
drama of sex and violence you're not
going anywhere
I won't be comfortable and I won't allow
myself because that's when I think the
prison has me system has me I might mess
up but I'm gonna try my damndest not to
the transfer to Heil marked the end of
the first month of Jody fetty's 25 to
life sentence and even with good
behavior it will be a year before she's
eligible for a review of her security
classification a year she'll be spending
and hail
[Music]
Arleen Rose continues to sit in
segregation where she'll remain for up
to six months I got myself I pay back
and forth back and forth all day long I
thought it was in my head song okay she
is now one of only three maximum
security inmates at orw and warden
Jeanine trim is still gathering the
information necessary to keep the prison
running every offender is held
accountable for the things that they
have done and their punishment is being
here the jury and the judge have
sentence them to a duration of time our
job is to send a better person out that
came in Dorie Terrell continues to do
her time at Hale and build her family
behind bars I'm never leaving their side
but I will add on to it I know that
there will be more and they'll embrace
each other not to do some diss just list
there and this is your nephew and it's
your brother where Zoey and already a
new inmate has caught the eye the queen
of the dorm look you're gonna shrimp an
Akula he was off right over for you I
was this strong so far until it happened
I had no idea that I had strength enough
found because sometimes I don't even
know how I get through one day up on how
much you want me or for utilities you
need me any Sammy when you wake up and
see that this is real this is the truth
it's where you you know you might have
to rest that I'm here for you girl
mium here
[Music]
you